OpenPrescribingToolkit_commands_Documentation.md, before:

# Documentation for OpenPrescribingToolkit commands

This document provides a list of the available functions within the OpenPrescribingToolkit and a brief description of their function

- **import_OP_data(filename)** <br>
    
    This function imports an csv file (ideally downloaded from the Open Prescribing website) into a dataframe 
    for analysis in Python. To use this function replace 'filename' with the name of the file you wish to import.<br>

- **remove_OP_artifacts(dataframe)** <br>
    
    This function identifies and removes entries within the OpenPrescribing dataset which have zero prescriptions 
    recorded. Database entries (rows) with 0.0 prescriptions need to be removed from the database as these are 
    artifacts and will skew outlier calculations; an active GP surgery is very unlikely to issue zero prescriptions! 
    If any GP practices are identified. The script will return the number of artifacts detected (if any), and state 
    how the datset has been analysed e.g. if the artifacts have been removed.To use this function type the command as given above. There is no need to specify the 'dataframe' as this variable has been defined by the <i>import_OP_data(filename)<i> function.<br>

- **remove_OP_artifacts(dataframe)** <br>

Commit message:

addition of docs for outliers function

OpenPrescribingToolkit_commands_Documentation.md, after:

# Documentation for OpenPrescribingToolkit commands

This document provides a list of the available functions within the OpenPrescribingToolkit and a brief description of their function

- **import_OP_data(filename)** <br>
    
    This function imports an csv file (ideally downloaded from the Open Prescribing website) into a dataframe 
    for analysis in Python. To use this function replace 'filename' with the name of the file you wish to import.<br>

- **remove_OP_artifacts(dataframe)** <br>
    
    This function identifies and removes entries within the OpenPrescribing dataset which have zero prescriptions 
    recorded. Database entries (rows) with 0.0 prescriptions need to be removed from the database as these are 
    artifacts and will skew outlier calculations; an active GP surgery is very unlikely to issue zero prescriptions! 
    If any GP practices are identified. The script will return the number of artifacts detected (if any), and state 
    how the datset has been analysed e.g. if the artifacts have been removed.To use this function type the command as given above. There is no need to specify the 'dataframe' as this variable has been defined by the <i>import_OP_data(filename)<i> function.<br>

- **remove_OP_IQRoutliers(dataframe)** <br>  
    This script identifies outliers within the dataset, based on IQR criteria. The lower and upper limit 
    for outliers are displayed alongside the IQR. A boxplot for the dataset is produced and a unique list 
    of GP surgeries with prescription outliers are listed. Any GP practices identified as having prescription outliers can be plotted using the <i>Plot_trends_pick_surgeries(data, name)<i> function.<br>
