README.md, before:

# OpenPrescribingToolkit 


##  Background to GP prescribing data compiled by NHS England

Open Prescribing (https://openprescribing.net/) is an online resource collated by the EBM DataLab at the University of Oxford. Open Prescribing collates the annoymised data on GP drugs prescriptions published monthly by NHS England and makes it more accessible to researchers and the general public. 

##  The OpenPrescribingToolkit
This tool was developed by STP students for a programming module at the University of Manchester. This tool can be used to perform the following analysis of Open Prescribing data:<br>
1. Identification of GP surgeries with prescription value outliers i.e. higher or lower than normal prescriptions<br>
2. Plotting trends of GP practices with extreemly high or low prescription values (e.g. GP surgeries identified in step 1 as having higher or lower than normal prescriptions).<br>

Further details and explanations of the commands and functions available within the OpenPrescribingToolkit can be found within  OpenPrescribingToolkit_commands_Documentation.md.

## User Instructions for the OpenPrescribingToolkit

...

### Prerequisites


## Tutorial/test data for the OpenPrescribingToolkit

These can be found within the OpenPrescribingToolkit_Output-examples.ipynb file 

These can be found here ...
testing documentation notes from Ian:
1. a prescritptive list of instructions e.g. receipe

Add to output examples file. Use output with a markdown to give a solid tutorial /test document

2. if you do x, y and z; the result will be p,q r...
3. If you do not get result p, q, r do a,b,c

## TODO list
outlier graphs

rename files and organise folder -
write testing document
write user instructions .


## Contributors
Elizabeth Arnold <br>
Samuel Kidman

Commit message:

Added liscence info and version history

README.md, after:

# OpenPrescribingToolkit 


##  Background to GP prescribing data compiled by NHS England

Open Prescribing (https://openprescribing.net/) is an online resource collated by the EBM DataLab at the University of Oxford. Open Prescribing collates the annoymised data on GP drugs prescriptions published monthly by NHS England and makes it more accessible to researchers and the general public. 

##  The OpenPrescribingToolkit
This tool was developed by STP students for a programming module at the University of Manchester. This tool can be used to perform the following analysis of Open Prescribing data:<br>
1. Identification of GP surgeries with prescription value outliers i.e. higher or lower than normal prescriptions<br>
2. Plotting trends of GP practices with extreemly high or low prescription values (e.g. GP surgeries identified in step 1 as having higher or lower than normal prescriptions).<br>

Further details and explanations of the commands and functions available within the OpenPrescribingToolkit can be found within  OpenPrescribingToolkit_commands_Documentation.md.

## User Instructions for the OpenPrescribingToolkit

Please see the User_Instructions.md file for information of prerequisites and installation instructions.

## Tutorial/test data for the OpenPrescribingToolkit

Examples of the OpenPrescribingToolkit can be found within the OpenPrescribingToolkit_Output-examples.ipynb file. We recommend following these instructions with the measures.csv file included within this repository to check that the OpenPrescribingToolkit functions correctly after installation before using your own dataset.

## Liscencing Information

TBC 

## Version History

The latest version of the OpenPrescribingToolkit is 1.0 uploaded on 16/01/2020

## Contributors
Elizabeth Arnold <br>
Samuel Kidman

## TODO list
outlier graphs

rename files and organise folder -
write testing document
write user instructions .
